---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Personal Statement
======
I’m expected to finish my bachelor’s degree in Physics at the School of Physics and Technology, Wuhan University by the end of June, 2025. I am applying to Prof. Stolterfoht, Martin’s Ph.D. program to research the stability of perovskite solar cells, focusing on the application of novel characterization methods to understand their degradation processes. My interest in physics, particularly in practical applications, has been a driving force in my academic journey. Actually, it began in junior high with participation in physics competitions, which gradually guided my interest towards practical applications, ultimately leading me to choose perovskite solar cells as my research project. 
My keen interest lies in semiconductor physics, not only for its significant real-world applications, but also for its personal appeal. Perovskite semiconductors, in particular, fascinate me because of their unique properties such as a tunable band gap, shallow defective levels, high absorption coefficient and long carrier lifetimes, which hold great potential for the conversion of solar energy. However, the poor device stability of these materials inhibits it from practical application. I have been actively engaged in a group focusing on perovskite solar cells since the end of my freshman year. Through my research, I have come to understand that enhancing device stability is crucial and cannot be achieved merely by introducing new materials or tweaking processing parameters. A deeper understanding of the physical degradation models and comprehensive characterization methods are essential to identify what occurs during the aging process. This deeply resonated with me when I first learned about Prof. Stolterfoht, Martin’s project about decoupling the losses during the aging process. Furthermore, Prof. Stolterfoht, Martin’s work on the ionic effects and your insightful introduction convinced me that exploring the behavior induced by low ionic binding energy in perovskite materials is exactly the direction I want to step further.
I anticipate graduating with a degree in physics with a fairly high GPA and rank (1/17). My background provides me with a robust understanding of semiconductor physics, which I believe is more comprehensive than that of students from other subjects. Although I haven’t yet taken a formal course in semiconductor physics, I am currently self-studying it and plan to enroll in relevant courses next semester. What’s more, my courses in electronic engineering can enable me to fit well with courses offered in Prof. Stolterfoht, Martin’s department. 
My research experience with perovskite solar cells has prepared me well in this area. Initially, I gained a basic understanding of perovskite devices through my experimental work and extensive literature review. After that, I independently led a light management project. At the beginning part of this project, I learned a lot about simulation and also encountered challenges, such as learning generalized matrix method, which taught me to bridge fundamental theory with practical application. The coding efficiency is another challenge, it taught me the importance of a broad knowledge base and maintaining focus on research priorities. From another aspect, the difficulties I faced while completing a paper reminded me the necessity of cooperation in research. Overall, through my individual research experience, I learned how to organize my research plans more effectively and enhance my problem-solving skills.
Looking into the future, I aim to investigate deeper into the degradation models of perovskite solar cells, understanding more about the charge carrier behaviors, ionic effect and recombination process in the device. It would be my remarkable achievement, if, during my Ph.D., I could invent one or two novel characterization methods that enhance our understanding of the degradation process or contribute to practical models. After completing my Ph.D., I’d like to step further in semiconductor physics and its applications either in an academic setting or within a related industry. What’s more, I am eager to experience and learn about the research life style with Prof. Stolterfoht, Martin in Hong Kong and interact with various researchers from all over the world in such an international city. And I believe that spending about five years at CUHK will not only boost my confidence to step further into this area but also manure my understanding of the research career.

